Glass cover again
This quality is not bad.
How is that possible?
I actually lost two dollars in a row
Li Jun bet on Mr. Hua
You didn't choose these two rough stones yourself.
It is the helper hired by Mr. Zheng first
Can't I?
Naturally you can.
But next time
Please inform me in advance that I am willing to admit defeat
I will call you for this 100 million.
I'm going to bet another game with this Mr. Chen
How good
How do you want to bet
I'm going to bet you 300 million
I have a condition attached to all the female colleagues present
Okay, then I'll bet you with Sister Hua
And divorce the king
Is there a problem with Chen Hao?
Our piece is not as good as his piece.
What to do then?
Choose another piece
Don't worry, I have a way.